We made a great progress so far
but before we continue, let's bring some structure into our queries column.
So at the moment, we have our four queries,
we have the initial three queries and now appended
the population combined query.
Now as you can imagine, we are going to add some more data within the next videos to that column,
now let's organize that and to do this, we can simply right-click into that column, right here for instance
and then press new group like that.
Now we can give that group a name,
in our case we could name that group
initial queries for instance. Let's do this and press OK
and now we see that this new group was created up here.
What we can do now, we can simply click and hold the left mouse button to drag and drop the first query
into that group or we can select the next query right here,
press and hold the shift key on the keyboard and then select the last query, like this.
and now we can again drag and drop all of the queries into our new folder or into our new group actually.
So let me just drag that to the top like this
and now we organized our queries and as I said, we want to add some more data, some more queries to that
column.
How and why we do that, let's learn that in the next videos.